Add migration pre-validators to documentation (#6365)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/upgrading-wso2-api-manager/320-to-410/upgrading-from-320-to-410.md

3. Prior to API-M migration, run the below command to execute the pre-migration step that will validate your old data.

    ??? info "Pre-validators"
        
        | API Validators                            |                                          |                                      |
        | ----------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ |
        | **CLI Tag**                               | **Pre-validator**                        | **Purpose**                          |
        | `apiDefinitionValidation`                 | API Definition Validator                 | Validates if the API definitions are up to standards so that issues are not encountered during migration. Validations are done to check if APIs have valid OpenAPI, WSDL, Streaming API, or GraphQL API definitions. |
        | `apiAvailabilityValidation`               | API Availability Validator               | Validates the API availability in the database with respect to the API artifacts in the registry in order to verify there are no corrupted entries in the registry. |

>         | `apiResourceLevelAuthSchemeValidation`    | API Resource Level Auth Scheme Validator | Usage of resource level security with `Application` and `Application User` in 2.x versions, is not supported. This prevalidation checks and warns about such APIs with unsupported resource level auth schemes. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        | `apiResourceLevelAuthSchemeValidation`    | API Resource Level Auth Scheme Validator | Usage of resource level security with `Application` and `Application User` in 2.x versions, is not supported. This pre-validation checks and warns about such APIs with unsupported resource-level auth schemes. |
```

>         | `apiDeployedGatewayTypeValidation`        | API Deployed Gateway Type Validator      | If the deployed gateway type of an API is given as `none`, deployment of that API will be skipped at migration. This prevalidation warns on such APIs having deployed gateway type as `none`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        | `apiDeployedGatewayTypeValidation`        | API Deployed Gateway Type Validator      | If the deployed Gateway type of an API is given as `none`, deployment of that API will be skipped at migration. This pre-validation warns on such APIs having deployed Gateway type as `none`. |
```
